hey guys it's dying today I have a
product review for you by CV Beauty they
sent me the balancing facial cleanser to
try and I've been using it for about a
week or so and I wanted to let you know
how that was going and it's the sea
buckthorn balancing facial cleanser and
their lines are known for being all
natural paraben free and also cruelty
free so they don't test on animals
they're also sulfate free so it's a very
natural skin care line and the bouncy
and facial cleanser is a very light
facial cleanser you can see that it's
kind of a clear gel and it smells my
first impression when I smelled it the
first time I used it it's kind of like a
a Clementine kind of berry smell it's a
very unique smell but what I really like
about it is that it has little
exfoliation beads inside of the
balancing cleanser and it kind of gently
exfoliates your face while you're using
it and it's also supposed to make your
face feel more moisturized after you use
it as well and my face is probably like
combination normal I wouldn't say that
it's overly dry I wouldn't say that it's
overly oily but I found that after I
used this for about a week my face did
feel more moisturized and I'm always
looking for ways to find more moisture
to keep it in my face
throughout the day so I did really like
that about this facial cleanser and I
also looked at perv use it on and online
and it seems like a few people did have
problems with it breaking them out and I
have very sensitive skin so I wanted to
be very mindful to be aware of that but
I found that it did not break me out I
had the benefits of it being
moisturizing and it felt very very nice
on my skin as well so I really really
liked it I think it's something I'm
gonna continue using and also I think
that the smell is really really unique I
like that it has kind of a kind of
plummy berry Clementine
not exactly an orange but it does a very
light citrusy scent I am NOT a big
citrus person so if it was overly
citrusy I wouldn't like it at all but I
do really like this
and it also really compliments I've been
using the philosophy shower gel and I
really really like those two combined
they make a really nice scent in the in
the shower the philosophy shower gel is
the full of fortune cookie and it's kind
of a light almond and a very light
citrus not overpowering and so they're
very they complement each other very
well and this is the size that they sent
me it's the four fluid ounce I looked it
up online on Amazon and you can buy
their products on Amazon this size if
you get it on sale on Amazon is around
$12 and Reagan the retail price is
around $18 1899 so it is a fairly
economical price also for facial
cleansers it's in that kind of moderate
price range and if you're looking for
something that's all natural I think
that it's a great option so I'm gonna be
interested to try more things buy this
brand and I think it's a great
all-natural brand as well plus I really
appreciate that the packaging looks nice
so that when it's sitting in your shower
or if you have it sitting on your
counter I think the presentation is a
bottle is this very nice and I had kind
of the pump turned backwards but I like
that it's just you know kind of very
clean lines and then just very simple
and but still looks nice so that is what
I thought of the sea buckthorn balancing
facial cleanser by Steve you beauty and
if you have been thinking about trying
this out I hope you would give it a
chance I did actually really really
liked it so thanks for watching and have
a great day